Mini-Practicum

For the remainder of this semester, you will begin each new unit by solving a
set of practice problems based on the material from the previous unit. You will
have 30 minutes to complete your answers and push your solution to GitHub. 
Raise your hand if you need help.

The goal of these "mini practica" is to give you practice with coding problems
similar to those that you will see on the midterm practica. You will be 
required to solve each problem with minimal assistance. You should use these
mini-practica as an opportunity to gage your preparedness for the exams.

Each mini-practicum counts as a homework assignment. The numbered problems
below are weighted equally. 


1. Create a new Python module named "practice.py" and implement a function
   named "absolute_difference" which takes two integer parameters, a and b. Your
   function needs to calculate and return the absolute difference between a and
   b, i.e. the absolute value of the difference. For example, the absolute
   difference between 2 and 5 is 3.

   Your solution cannot use any math module functions.

2. Create a new Python module named "practice_test.py" and implement at least 3
   tests for the absolute_difference function.

1. Implement a function in the practice module named "pi_tester" which takes no
   parameters. Your function needs to meet the following requirements:

    a. Your function should prompt the user to enter the decimal digits of pi
       in order, one at a time, up to the first 100 decimal places.
    b. As each digit is entered, compare it against the solution. If it is
       correct, ask for the next digit. If it is not, print an error message
       with the correct digit.
    c. Repeat until an incorrect digit is entered or 100 correct digits are
       entered.
    d. The function should return the number of correct decimal digits that
       were entered.
    
    Define a main function at the bottom of the file and use it to call your
    function and print the score that is returned. You DO NOT need to unit-test
    this function.

    Note: The value of pi to 100 decimal places is provided for your reference
    in the pi.txt file in your repository.

    Example Output:

    Enter the next digit: 3
    Enter the next digit: 1
    Enter the next digit: 4
    Enter the next digit: 1
    Enter the next digit: 5
    Enter the next digit: 9
    Enter the next digit: 2
    Enter the next digit: 6
    Enter the next digit: 5
    Enter the next digit: 3
    Enter the next digit: 4
    Score: 11

    Note that the last line is printed in main.

